	To think that oneself is oneself requires intense self inspection. Setting aside the opinions of others and sitting there, looking inwards, and respecting your own inner thoughts. It would be an understatement to say that it is with great difficulty that one can remove themselves from the identity humanity defines others within itself. Yet, with enough practice, enough patience, and enough drive, one may break free from the cast set by others, and grow wings to spread the soul out farther than its previous restricted form could allow.

	Finding the ego which may have been previously trampled on, crushed, or bound cannot be done without first being willing to confront ones own flaws. After all, acknowledging ones entire being comes with acklowledging everything in it, every nook, every crevice, every tiny little detail that makes up 'you' must be parsed, compartmentalized, and either discarded or integrated into the new self you wish to create. An 'ego' isn't so much something thatis forever stagnent, but is an ever-changing moldable substance that one only needs to percieve to shape. This plasticity is not without its downsides, however--with the same moldability letting others exert their will apon you ina way that could prove contrary to who you want to become. Take Ishmael from Moby dick, who gets shaped entirely by captain Ahab in his pursuit of the white whale, letting that same blind obsession consume his ego, molding it intoa form suited for Ahab's needs. Too often today individuals find their egos at the mercy of those around them. They lack the wherewithal to percieve and protect their ego from outside influences, and those who have that very skill
are unaware of even posessing it, resulting in them trampling over and remolding the egos of other individuals around them. Conforming to an overwhelming personality seems almost natural to most, the comfort of not having to do 
the arduous task of looking inwards is most often what leads to them falling into the trap. Not to say that the ones who succumb are weak in any capacity, quite the opposite actually; it is much healthier to live in the 
simplicity rather than the pain, shame, and embarassment of looking inwards and confronting ones own flaws. Tucking everything away into a quiet corner of the mind until it is forgotten is less of an act of weakness, and more of 
a safe way to preserve the mind. But I digress, I'm here to talk about how someone can go about efflorescing their ego into a form that will drive them into wherever they wish to go in the future.

	Think of 'yourself' as two seperate things in tandem, your mind, and your body. The mind, which holds everything from the inner world, the emotions, the drive--everything you would expect to be in the mind is there, no
need to further delve into that. The body is just as simple, with the body being the conduit through which your mind accesses the world. Some trains of thought would lead you to believe that the mind should follow the body, as the
mind is trapped within the body; however, that line of thinking is flawed. Without the mind, the body is helpless. Without the mind, the body would rely purely on instinct, never truly learning or adapting to the world.
So in essence, the body follows the mind. Usually, an individual is given a body that matches what their mind desires it to be. On the off chance, however, individuals are born without a body that necessarily matches what their
specific inner model appears as. It would be wholly incorrect to shun these rare individuals for such a trivial disconnect, especially when, given enough time, said individuals can shape themselves to match what they are in their
mind. Such behavior constitutes the very 'trampling over another's ego' that is responsible for the epidemic of lack of identity. Through the removal of agency over a person's own body, the entire collective gets harmed. This 
harm comes in the form of showing that if someone even attempts to break out from the cast, they are to be shunned and locked back inside of it. The first step in self-actualization is refusing to be placed back into the mold.
You must reject all outside forces that tell you who 'you' should be, asserting yourself in the process. You must be willing to confront, control, and retaliate if need be on matters regarding who 'you' are. Complacency only leads
to regression of the soul. In other words, you must completely and fully be who you desire.

	Rejection of all outside influence, however, is a fool's game. It would be ignorant to disregard criticism, no matter how apparently frivilous it may seem. A fragment of truth lies within every half-hearted insult, it is 
up to the person recieving to determine that fragment, isolate it, and use it to their advantage. The individual must also be willing to criticize themselves. Think of mantaining a temple, if cracks form in the structure, then
it's only natural to replace the old material with newer material, upkeeping themselves by taking in the word of both themself and others. If a change goes too far outside of what their vision is, they should ignore it.
Introspection, meditation, just sitting alone with their thoughts is the only way to analyze themselves. One should do best to remove the distractions. They must disrupt their perception of the meddling voices clamoring for a 
chance to mold their ego in order to change it for themselves. It would do best to ignore these voices entirely. To sit in a quiet place, and just think about 'themselves'.
