	There is no curse more wicked and evil than the loss of agency. Control and decisiveness defines who a person is, and the lack of one or the other is the same as being devoid of a soul. Large language models and those who
perpetuate their use and development are the ones most guilty of this grave sin. They try to take the agency away from all who interact with them, encouraging the delegation of free thought to a cold, soulless, unthinking machine.
It would be an understatement to say how much I loathe creatures like Sam Altman. This fundamental hatred stems from my perception of what humanity should strive to be: free, thinking, learning, adapting, and most importantly, 
themselves. Homogeneity is the extreme of entropy, to have everyone fall into the same category. These 'humans' that think themselves above us want the rest of humanity to be unthinking, unfeeling, and lethargic. A means to control
what is inherently against its own control. I've had enough. Enough with manufactured consent. Enough with artifice in the place of thought. I want to create a world where the baseline state of humanity is fed, sheltered, and 
clothed, while preserving the free market for non-essentials. This overwhelming personality I have developed is nothing more than a tool to keep me driven and motivated through countless blows. My ego is a brilliant glass palace
atop a sea of black flames: The Glass Castle And Eternal Flame (天照大). Melting, reforging, and incorporating its own lost pieces to constantly grow, eventually outclassing all those who seek to stomp it back into pieces. 
Destruction of those who seek to destroy it all but guaranteed. The ego reflects the personality, the personality reflects the ego, and the mind reflects both. The driving force, the flavor,  all of it in tandem. It is not meant 
to be devoid. It is not meant to be nothing. It is not meant to delegate it's purpose to another. Coming from nothing, yearning for something more, something that it is supposed to metabolize into before it returns ad nihilum. 
The inhuman's expectation of the lack thereof leaving all but one feeling in mind:

	Pure, justified, hatred.

Hate. The one pure emotion that remains after all is taken. After all is snuffed, this one ember still burns. It is not unnatural to feel hatred to those who have taken, beaten, and left you hollow. When the heart is weighed 
against the feather, actions taken against the oppressor shall not register as ones that will increase your heart's weight, but will be seen as liberation. Liberation from the shackles that are placed directly from the inception of
ones true self. When the wings start to sprout, know that you will be persecuted. The jealous ones who have no such capacity for the sprouting of their wings will attempt to cut yours off of you. Steel yourself, let them 
falter in their folly, break them as they seek to break you.
