	Among my litany of revelations, a concept known as 'mutual consent of affection' is at the forefront of all my relationships. As the name implies, M.C.A. is the idea that for a relationship to work, all parties involved 
must desire to receive/give affection to all other parties. If one no longer wishes/does not wish to recieve affection, the individual(s) that desire to give said affection must disengage with their attempts, and to not harass or
otherwise further interact with said person if you cannot disconnect your attraction with their companionship. Within affection regarding family members, this framework also applies; blood relation does not grant you immunity from
requiring mutual consent for affection. This, admittedly simple, point of view regarding relationships helps to reduce potential disconnect between partners, and serves the interests of all involved. I myself have followed this
to a tee. If someone I wish to engage with decides that they do not wish to reciprocate, it is in both my and their interest for me to cease my advance. For me, I gain the advantage of having my ego checked, of being reminded that
 not everyone is going to see me in the same light that I do. For the individual, it serves their interest by not being pursued when they do not wish to. In both cases, all parties benefit through boundaries being respected. With 
reference to my earlier work: "Open-Ego", I stated that I detest those that trample apon the wills of others, and I follow this concept as a way to minimize just that. 

	Once two or more people agree to both give and recieve affection to eachother, another agreement must be reached. This agreement is that of what constitutes the kind of affection given to one another--either that of the 
body, of the mind, or both. In an ideal relationship, that of the mind is achieved before all else; however, that isn't to say that one cannot indulge of bodily affection with one or more consenting individuals. It is in most of 
our natures to wish to indulge in eachother, to put it bluntly: people are gonna have sex (1). Nevertheless, it doesn't matter what form of affection is agreed apon, as long as all parties are accepting of and willing to follow 
the details of what said form entails. I feel it necessary to *loosely* define both affection of the body and affection of the mind. Affection of the body is that where one feels attracted to physical features of another, and 
wishes to express that attraction to them. The same applies to that of the mind as well, with the affection spreading to that of family as well. It is appreciating someone for who they are, and letting them know that appreciation.With these two definitions in mind, please note that they may be combined to any degree neccessary for what the relationship wants. Everyone has a different relationship, some desire companionship and love with another without
the expectation of sex. That is entirely okay, shame those who would force someone into something they do not want--forcing something only makes things worse.


Footnotes: Things that didn't match the core of the work, personal feelings (2), etc...
(1) I cannot stress this enough, vilifying sex is evil. It only serves the purpose of ruining what is intended for the mutual benefit of all people involved. Sex feels good because our body is rewarding us for doing something 
right. The pleasure you feel during sex is not a mistake, it is a feature of the act. 
(2) Okay so I know this whole thing is my personal feelings but I mean extra personal feelings that don't just convey the core belief-
