	In modern convenience there comes many flaws, the most prevalent of which being persistent lethargy. Because we have access to almost any service from one point, we do not immediately think to do things the difficult way.
For instance: a person gets hungry, but why go through the bother of buying ingredients, preparing mise en place, and cooking a meal when you can simply order food from your phone. This urge to reduce energy spent is not innately
a bad thing, it was quite helpful in the days where our species had to gather everything by ourselves or with a group--yet now, it becomes a curse. A curse that kills the mind of an individual, rewriting it to always take the path
of least resistance. The curse of lethargy is a negative feedback loop that culminates in the termination of ones will, and eventually, the death of an individual's 'drive'(1). As for why this curse plagues many of us today, I 
would so boldly state that it is intentionally crafted by those that live in ivory towers. A lazy population is easier to manipulate, easier to lie to, and will do the absolute bare minimum to push back against any of it. I do not
believe that it is purely ones own laziness, though. I think it is the product of corporations overworking the people they employ, leaving them more privy to using said tools of convenience as ways to reduce the cognitive load on 
themselves. It seems increasingly suspicious (2) that LLMs have been pushed more and more into the public space, promising a sort of 'wonder tool' that can do everything for you. I would also say that it is a trap--a trap to get 
people to offload their thinking onto something else; a trap to get people to stop thinking for themselves, and to delegate it to a machine that can be... no... is designed to trample over your own identity and replace it with one
that best suits the interests of the billionaire class. According to the paper "AI Assistance Reduces Persistence and Hurts Independent Performance" (3), AI has a measurable and immediate impact on drive when used--almost as if 
the mere act of asking for pure answers (which most people, from my experience, do) kills the ability of people to do their own work to such an extent that they're almost helpless without the presence of an LLM. The point I'm 
trying to get across by bringing this up is that I feel like the introduction of AI was intentionally designed to stifle the masses intellectually--I feel this especially more because of how many counties are pushing the use of AI
in schools, and either intentionally (4) or not, stifling the development of free thought of children. With all this being said, one question arises: How do we prevent our own cognitive decline?

	The solution to this problem is honestly quite simple: do more. I'm not talking about work, but things that you want to do. Whenever your body screams at you to do something, listen to it. Listen to the urges telling you 
to do something, anything. Do not rely on a tool to think for you, to decide what you do, to decide what you like to do. The only source of what you do should be yourself and your own drive. I don't have any grand or specific 
advice on this matter. The simple action of 'doing' staves off the aforementioned curse that they (5) wish to place apon us. I sit here writing this recognizing my own hipocrisy, I have fallen victim to this curse as well. I want 
so badly to do something--to fight against all of this. I just don't know where to start. I have the urge to denounce the evil taking place (6), but I have no idea how to spread it out effectively to a population under a 
collective trance. I would like to close this entry with a call to action: do not let the lure of convenience take hold of your mind. Think for yourself, do for yourself, do not let your will be trampled or stifled by corporations
that wish for your complacency. 

Footnotes
(1) Please do note that it would take an incredibly long period of inactivity to kill the drive of a human, as our species is notorious for being persistent and unceasing. 
(2) I have always been suspicous about AI, no tool that can do anything for you spells long-term benefit.
(3) https://arxiv.org/abs/2604.04721
(4) In my opinion it is absolutely intentional, see: line 5. 
(5) Referring to those with vast sums of wealth and power, much too vast to be attained through ethical means. 
(6) And to an extent, I have. 
