	I will be the first person to admit that I am an incredibly selfish person. I prioritize myself over all else--if something is expected of me, and it is something I do not wish to do, I will not do it. I do not owe anyone
anything by virtue of being; in the same vein, nobody but those who have wronged me owe me anything in return. You could argue that this very selfishness is a flaw--something that could lead to apathy towards my fellow human, 
however, it is anything but in my eyes. This 'selfishness' does not come at the cost of others, rather, it incorporates the concept of 'karma' (1) into its entirety. Because it is in my best interest to do good towards others, I 
take the time to uplift my fellow human rather than putting them down (2). This is the foundation of a concept known as 'selfish altruism', a mindset that I believe even the most heartless among humans should adopt for both their
own sake, as well as the sake of others. When the consequence of harming is hatred, and the consequence of healing is reverence, I present one fundamental question to individuals weighing the option: Would you rather be loved or 
hated? Is the short-term material benefit gained from exploiting your fellow person worth the sullying of your image? As a member of a fundamentally social species, I believe that people ought to be nicer to one another, even if 
it stems from a purely logical standpoint. 

	From what I have espoused in the previous paragraph, it should be no surprise that these ideals should also apply to those who own vast sums of wealth. Unfortunately, it has been demonstrated time and time again that those
with money, power, or both are not often those who are the smartest among us. They are scared, wicked, and unthinking beasts that know nothing but how to take from the rest of us. When reflecting upon my own selfishness, I 
inevitably come to think about the selfishness of others. It reassures me knowing that my 'brand' of self-centered thinking is fundamentally better than those who perceive themselves above me (3). To see another human as nothing 
more than a 'thing' to be exploited--as a means to an end--rather than as another conscious individual with their own will is, in my eyes, is the worst form of selfishness. It gives no regard to karma, no regard to the benefit of 
uplifting one another, and has no place in a civilized society. 
	
	Fundamentally, only good things come from encouraging the good-natured ideas of your fellow human. Conversely, only suffering is left for those who take for themselves and give nothing in return. 


Footnotes
(1) This interpretation of 'karma' being: "The nature of actions one takes against another is reflected in the luck they receive in return".
(2) I would like to make it known that I receive personal pleasure from seeing people succeed following aid given to them by me, which any individual should.
(3) When, in actuality, they are beneath me. 
